feat: update docs to latest version 2.504.x Part 3 (#300)
jenkins-infra/docs.jenkins.io: docs/tutorials/modules/ROOT/pages/build-a-node-js-and-react-app-with-npm.adoc

  `simple-node-js-react-npm-app` directory, run the commands: +
  `git add .` +
  then +
`git commit -m "Add 'Test' stage"` +
and finally +
`git push` to push your changes to your forked repository on GitHub, so it can be picked up by Jenkins.

> . In Jenkins, go back to *Dashboard* if necessary, then *simple-node-js-react-npm-app* and launch another build thanks to *Build Now*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Jenkins, go back to your *Dashboard* if necessary, then navigate to *simple-node-js-react-npm-app* and launch another build by selecting *Build Now*.
```
Small adjustment for syntax
